hello Community we have here from
perplexity the new deep research engine
if you interested in science this will
go out for about three minutes time so
it's much faster than open the so let's
explore the performance here of per
plexity ey deep research so let's go
with this you see I have a question want
to know the latest AI research on how to
build an enrich complex knowledge graphs
with multi-agent system explain the
challenge of multi- AI agents in context
with Knowledge Graph
de research comes here says I need to
search the web to find information on
latest the research you have here the
search term latest the research
knowledge grph multi-agent system second
step I need to search for scholar or
technical material focusing on the
challenges of multi-agent yet those are
the
readings so we have here archive nice AI
Sutra never heard of this previous
search result provide valuable insight
into the framework like Karma yes yes
this is good this is it yeah absolutely
need to explore more research from
2025 I need the query knowledge graph
multi-agent system 2025
beautifully really nice look if you
click on this you can see this now in
detail again you know the Search terms
you know exactly what were the sources
you can click on the sources most recent
search results provide a detailed look
including Karma yes highlight persistent
challenges such as aent coordination
conflict resolution Knowledge Graph
enriching Knowledge Graph I refine my
search by focusing on multi-agent
coordination challenges knowledge graphs
now proceed with the search you have the
search term you have the reading again
most recent CH provide additional
insight into multi-agent coordination
challenges here yeah
beautiful multi-agent system excel in
models the composition effectively in
Dynamic environment sufficient
information to address your query about
the latest a research
beautiful and as you can see we have to
search terms here the Google search term
if you want and then the reading and
then most research search provides the
insight into the challenges related to
integrating multi-agent systems with
Knowledge Graph Karma again yeah DCS
this is a little bit older I'm not
looking for more focused information
searching scalability multi h& Knowledge
Graph enrichment challenges the reading
again archive nice now we on archive
yeah this will help to refine the
understanding of how scalability impacts
the efficient relability of knowledge
gra enrichments nice it found the most
important one comma comma is the one to
know this is the recent recent search
results have provided comprehensive
insight into the current state of
multi-agent systems for knowledge gra
enrichment yep specialized agents here
the searching future research
multi-agent Knowledge Graph ah the
Outlook forward-looking perspective for
future research Direction and
multi-agent system and Knowledge Graph
as of
2025 smos never heard of this AI Sutra
academic make oop okay never heard of
those
before escargo really delicious yeah if
you in France or in Belgium yep so this
is real time I've now got enough
information to answer your query provide
a comprehensive view of multi-agent
system useful knowledge qu enrichment
including Karma this is it all right
let's tackle the query yeah I need to
pass the provided Search construction
enrichment I need to cover methods I
structure the report I look at all the
results I challenge the paper I need to
ensure that each section flows naturally
the US to mention this and we have the
first commercial yeah beautiful and here
we have yep so as you can see on the top
you have here my query this is the
answer I just want to see here the speed
this is real time speed uh you don't
have to read we go through this in a
second I just want to see here the
speed there's no mathematical framework
at all there's
no science at all this is just okay
little bit of tax bullet points a little
bit of tax and bullet points oh we have
related this is
nice how does karma handle domain
adapation enrichment specific task for
the karma framework platform cross agent
verification relability in karma nice it
found the most outsanding paper that I
was interested in beautifully done so
now I think okay graph enrichment to
collaborative verification now let's
have a look at the answer because now we
will see if it is really worth it and
here you see deep research you see it's
so easy to activate and we have five
tries per day in the free
version so let's have a look at the
final answer here the official answer
you know this was here by this
particular Source then alive okay and
then here this particular Source I'm not
aware and out of 49 resources
interesting okay can we have a look at
this what happens if I click here oh
nice so I have here one paper I have
here two papers three papers ah another
llm yeah Power decentralized generative
agents
okay okay I don't know the sources
interesting data science Dojo whatever
another alive vocal Springs apps okay
but you need to know about multii agents
okay multiple
sources okay now this sounds interesting
here we are sorry about we experiencing
unusual traffic at a time please keep us
informed that you are not a robot and
you will take your
content could not validate capture
please try again okay so this Source
here tells us hey sorry bud you seem to
be a bot my yes reinforcement learning
open source multi-agent system LinkedIn
unbelievable nor lab
YouTube 30y LinkedIn 31 iple e okay
alive
okay knowledge gr okay so it looks like
they really found a lot
of
okay so sources are clear beautiful
let's go now here to this one recent
prors and artificial intelligence have
to re a powerful Synergy between
knowledge gr architectures and
multi-agent system and a
unprecedented capabilities and automated
knowledge organization and reasoning
this report analyzes four pioneering
Frameworks 1 2 3 4 that demonstrate how
coordinated AI agent can overcome
traditional limitations in Knowledge
grth Management while confronting new
challenges in system coordination and
domain adaptation and I have here three
so the first one is
here eii Sutra okay the next one is here
uh okay arive and then we have here
arive what would happen if I click
here okay ah article by medium okay this
was November 4
2024 maybe not really the latest but
okay so Synergy between Knowledge Graph
and multi-agent
architecture modern knowledge gra
maintain consistence across distributed
knowledge update in Amazon
implementation the structured Foundation
yep
okay Karma framework
okay cutting age framework and Technical
Innovations Karma yeah
beautiful decentralized knowledge gra
evolution in open
worlds hierarchical knowledge
organization Dynamic relationship
okay core challenges and multi-agent
knowledge gra systems comma experiment
reveal yep
okay temporal consistencies
this is the framework here this is the
framework here comma framework requires
yep Omni pause system demonstrate
potential through this one
okay 2024 most powerful eii agent
papers okay yeah agent have become one
of the most popular trends of
2024 multi-agent system Amazon
horard finon this is
okay Omni porer click here to learn
more let's have a look we are here in
August of
2024 so maybe not really the latest
paper but okay future Direction and
unsolved problems neuros symbolic
integration for enhanced
reasoning unsupervised schema cross
domain human in the
loop machine yep verification so it got
one right yeah karma is really one of
the latest this is really nice so
okay nice 52 resources really nice so if
we go back here yes we get our
commercials back again yeah baby this is
it we have our commercials back ask a
follow-up question no
thanks I want to know the latest year
research on how to build an Rich
knowledge gra great now let's do the
next good
thing so let's
see edit the query no I want to know
yep edit the query deep research
interestingly that I lost here more or
less here the the
PA how this was discovered 52 oh no nice
so can I yep so I can go in here and see
the complete reasoning and also the
sources real nice real
nice
yep I need to ensure each section flows
naturally using header properly its
paragraph
should site the relevant sources when
discussing commer I to yeah also the
user mention explaining the challenges
of multi- Ag and in the context of
Knowledge Graph so after presenting the
framework a dedicated ated section on
challenges would be necessary the paper
mentions issues like schema alignment
verification conflict edges and
communication overhead I should avoid
lists and use narrative paragraphs this
is nice for example when I'm talking
about agents in karma describe the roles
in a flowing text rather than bullet
points ensure that each challenge is
explained and how the framework attempts
to solve them citing the sources
appropriately finally the conclusion
would synthesize how these Frameworks
address The Challenge and suggest
further directions
yep Caper it okay need to check all
points from the search results are
included that report is comprehensive
hitting around 10,000 words with deep
dives into each framework and challenge
make sure citations are correctly placed
after each relevant sentence writing the
research report yep absolutely
transparent I could now really go in and
say okay would like to have a look at
all my
sources those where the stabs this looks
really nice
so here we are ladies and gentlemen what
do you want to know provide a detailed
overview of the latest research insight
into self-learning AI what methods do
exist in recent time to improve here
self-learning and provide a context to
deep reasoning with models like deep
seek R1 estimate our latest technology
level of self-learning AI systems
including multi-agent system and their
mathematical Frameworks what do you
think let's try this out let's go with
it is in deep
research four enhanced quar is remaining
today this is beautiful this is all I
need to
know start by preparing a research plan
okay here you go baby here you
go deep research often takes a few
minutes to complete yes I notice take
your time my little one we have all the
time in the world I need to search for
recent research on self-learning AI get
information about advancements yes mcken
IBM data Camp oh wow
okay the previous search provided a
broad overview of enhancements in self
learning including agentic AI multimodal
capabilities o1 and Google German I 2
did not specifically address deep
o1 so we seek now we search now for deep
seek R1 self learning AI I need to
search for information on the latest
development yeah this includes our
interaction between agents model
particular Frameworks like Game Theory
control theory or other Advanced
mathematical approaches yes baby this is
it enable autonomous coordination and
learning multi-agent self learning AI
mock post the Apple developer magazine
the data scientist and one more okay
interesting we are reading now all these
articles valuable insight into the
multi-agent framework and ongoing Trends
in
multi-agents monola methodology aligned
with my hypothesis about mathematical
Frameworks like basan Frameworks and
actor critic methods I'm still uncertain
if all relevant Frameworks have been
comprehensively addressed to refine my
understanding I will now search for
additional academic articles or refs
that focus on the mathematical
foundations of self- learning in 2025
particular dose discussing deep
reasoning and multi-agent coordination
search term is self-learning AI systems
deep reasoning I need to search for
detailed academic paper uh technical
paper specifically discussing deeps r
one reinforcement learning and its
implementation of chain of s reasoning n
not really
yeah multi-stage Pros they looking for
additional empirical evaluation
technical breakdowns or case studies
deep seek R1 reinforcement learning
chain of sord paper oh no this this
could go
wrong okay for dummies deep seek for
dummies maybe not the best title but
okay we're reading all those papers we
are getting all this information and
then we got comprehensive detail
information on deeps R1 multi-agent
architecture cover deeps reinforcement
learning methodos chain of sort I
explored mixture of EXP system montico
methodologies to optimize agent
collaboration Microsoft rstar matat yes
I have a video on this sensive data set
let's tackle the query okay
first I need to pause the research
results provided let's go through this
one search result two search result
three search result 4 now structuring
the report the user wants a scientific
Report with mandatory section evolution
of self leing and here we are we have
here a new commercial here we are lucky
today and a final ARs
here so yeah speed is okay
yes
okay hey yeah this is nice we get
something okay the typical aha moments
okay utility function not bad not bad my
little friend yep current Technologies
yeah we have a look at this in detail
don't mind never mind just want to see
okay now we are done so let's have a
look Al this was my query beautiful 36
sources here again we can see all the
steps that we went through avoid list
use narrative write a research report
ensure each paragraph flow so this is
the same that we already know current
tech level assessment let's have a look
here using teolog Innovation self
Evolution multi-agent system explain it
probabilistic supernet cost aware
optimization evolution of self- learning
this is interesting multi-agent system
mathematical Frameworks deep reasoning
chain of Sword Benchmark rule based yep
structuring the
reports main body Five Section
conclusion title summary okay so you see
you can provide here the insights that
you want so let's have a
look rapid evolution
reached a critical inflection point in
2025 Market marked by breakthroughs in
Auto autonomous reasoning multi-agent
collaboration reinforcement learning
driv
adaptation
rule-based reinforcement learning
Paradigm agent force by Salesforce nice
Dynamic multi-agent architecture how
modern systems achieve humanlike problem
solving while optimizing computational
efficiencies
yes self-correct allocate more thinking
time and dynamically reconfigure agent
teams yep evolution of self-learning
let's have a look here yeah deep seek R1
exemplifies here this shift beautiful
group relative policy
optimization these are the
performances key inovision lines and
decoupling the reward signal from Human
preferences
okay rules for code compilation and
mathematical answer verification the
rise of agent gii in operational
workflows mcken 2025 analysis identifies
agent gii as the dominant Paradigm for
Enterprise
applications okay you get something like
this
McKenzie methodology Innovations and
self- learning system the self self
Evolution framework of deep seek R1 the
cold start the reasoning rejection
sampling yes really
nice gentic operators mix of expert
control cost the rare optimiz ation
utility function we had a video on this
deep reasoning capabilities and
Benchmark chain of s reasoning at
scale
yep FM Benchmark okay emergence of meter
reasoning okay reasoning about reasoning
yeps th develops here met L is enabled
prod a group wise comparison curring
technology it's gen gii handles 34% of
customer service block flows without
human
intervention okay mathematical reasoning
code
generation persistent challenge ethical
alignment compositional generalization
Energy Efficiency future Direction and
recommendation let's have a look at this
neuromorphic Hardware integration wow
okay Federated self-learning okay causal
reasoning Frameworks moving beyond
correlation to First principle and
Anis human and agent teams a hybrid
architecture of humans and EI invest in
real-time oversight system to mitigate
risk from autonomous decisions okay so
we do have still the limitation from AI
conclusion 2025 self- learning I
landscape demonstrate unprecedented
sophistication in autonomous reasoning
and multi-agent
collaboration deep seek r
one shifts toward resource aare self-
evolving system while current models
still train Trail human cognition and
open world adaptability they narrowing
down PR signals at transformative area
in AR augmented problem
solving share export
rewrite should we waste one this is deep
research helpful yeah let's give it a
helpful yeah thank you for your feedback
of course buddy can copy this what else
we can do view sources
yeah how does R1 compare to autom model
in term of reasoning capabilities key
Innovation Andi research for self
learning multimodel
capabilities okay so we could ask a
followup maybe we should do this here
for self
learning the ability to solve complex
problems H share share the link export
the
rewrite I think I've done a quite a nice
job it is not an the structure I would
like to have it but it tried really hard
to do this so for a free version I have
to say really impressive absolutely
impressive where are my sources I want
to see my
sources VI the sources 36 sources okay
McKenzie papers Academy Market Tech post
training ey with pure reinforcement
learning eyes skills
IBM multi-agent okay different magazines
different whatever data Camp
okay Freddy base the data
scientist
unknown deeps all you need to know
fireworks CI okay yes Reddit beautiful
towards data signs okay Sloan review MIT
5 transs in and data science for 2025
hey nice IBM again LinkedIn
okay LinkedIn GitHub oh nice Mar post
introducing deep research by openi yep
arive arive arive YouTube
LinkedIn and this is it so interesting
it took videos it took would say here
particles from from different companies
it took here some academic
particles it took here some archive it
took here nice okay
yep not so bad not so
bad search videos no
thanks provide a detailed over you I
think it's really impressive so dare you
have it plexity ey deep research engine
real nice it only goes for 3 minutes not
like the 30 minutes that open ey does
but you know what for five free runs per
day this is a beautiful first go